Google, Gemini. New free updates are
insane. Google just dropped seven free
updates to Gemini. And honestly, some of
these are absolutely wild. We're talking
AI that makes music from scratch,
generates images faster than anything I
have ever seen, creates videos, and even
helps Olympic athletes train. If you use
any AI tool at all, you need to know
about this because Google just changed
the game and nobody is talking about it
yet. Buckle up because this is big. So,
let me break down every single update
for you right now. and stick around
because update number five is the one
that blew my mind the most. Okay, so the
first update is called Nano Banana 2.
Yes, that is the real name. I did not
make that up. This is Google's brand new
image generation model and it is
insanely fast. Like we are talking
almost instant image creation. Before
this, if you wanted really good AI
images, you had to wait. You had to use
separate tools. You had to mess around
with settings. Not anymore. Nano Banana
2 gives you prolevel quality at crazy
speed. And here is the cool part. You
can edit the images by just talking to
it. You say, "Hey, change the background
to a beach." And it does it. You say,
"Add some neon lights." And boom, done.
It also pulls from real world knowledge
and web data. So the images actually
look accurate. This is not some blurry
mess. This is legit. You can make
marketing images, posters, infographics,
combined photos together. If you make
any kind of content, this is a game
changer for you. Now, update number two
is LIA 3. This is Google's new AI music
generator, and this thing is next level.
You can now generate original songs,
soundtracks, background music, all
inside the Gemini app. Think about that
for a second. You do not need to go find
royalty-free music anymore. You just
tell Gemini what you want and it makes
it. Want an epic orchestral soundtrack
for a sci-fi trailer? Done. Want a chill
lowfi beat for your podcast intro? Done.
Want background music for your YouTube
video? Done. This is massive for
creators and the quality is seriously
impressive. This is not some robotic
weird sounding stuff. This actually
sounds like real music. Hey, if we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every single
comment. So, make sure you drop a
comment below and let him know what you
think about these Gemini updates. Okay,
so update number three, Gemini 3.1 Pro.
This is the big brain update. Google
made their smartest model even smarter.
The reasoning is way better. The coding
is way better. The research and analysis
is way better. And here is the number
that matters. It scored 77.1% on the ARK
AGI2 benchmark. That is more than double
what the previous model scored. Double.
That is not a small improvement. That is
a massive leap. If you are a developer,
a researcher, an engineer, or you just
want AI that actually thinks things
through properly, this is the model for
you. I tested it with some complex
prompts and the answers were noticeably
sharper. Like it actually understands
what you are asking now instead of just
guessing. Now, before I get to update
number four, I want to tell you about
something. If you are watching this and
thinking, okay, this is cool, but how do
I actually use all this AI stuff to grow
my business? You need to check out the
AI profit boardroom. This is the best
place to learn how to use tools like
Google Gemini to automate your
workflows, get more customers, and save
hundreds of hours. We have step-by-step
processes, live calls, and a community
of people who are actually implementing
this stuff. If you want to turn these
Gemini updates into real results for
your business, the link is in the
description. Go check it out. All right,
update number four. Gemini 3 deep think.
This is like the thinking mode on
steroids. Google optimized it
specifically for science, engineering,
and research. So if you have messy real
world problems that need serious brain
power, this is what you use. Think
scientific simulations, think
engineering design problems, think deep
research analysis. This is not your
casual chatbot conversation. This is
heavyduty reasoning. And the fact that
Google is pushing this hard into science
and engineering tells you where they
think AI is going. This is not just
about writing emails anymore. This is
about solving real problems. Update
number five. This is the one I was
talking about earlier. Flow by Google.
Okay, so this is Google's new visual
creation tool and it is absolutely
insane. You can generate images,
generate videos, remix visuals, convert
photos into uh videos and it works with
Veo 3.1 which is their video generation
model. So you can literally go from an
idea in your head to a full video in
minutes. Think about what that means for
content creators. Think about what that
means for marketing. Think about what
that means for social media. You do not
need a camera. You do not need editing
software. You do not need a production
team. You just tell Flow what you want
and it creates it. This is the update
that I think is going to change
everything for small businesses and
creators. The barrier to making amazing
visual content just completely
disappeared. Now, update number six is
something a little different. Google
launched a brand new AI professional
certificate. This is their way of
training people in AI skills. It covers
generative AI, AI workflows, machine
learning basics, and real business
applications. And I think this is really
smart because the biggest problem right
now is not that AI tools exist. The
problem is that most people have no idea
how to use them properly. So Google is
basically saying here, let us teach you.
If you want to stay ahead and actually
understand how all this AI stuff works,
this certificate is worth looking at.
And update number seven, this one is
wild. Google built an AI video analysis
system for Team USA Olympic athletes,
specifically for ski and snowboard
athletes. The AI watches video footage
of their tricks and performance and
breaks it down for them. It analyzes
technique, speed, form, everything. Now,
you might be thinking, "Okay, cool. But
what does that have to do with me?" Here
is why this matters. It shows that AI is
not just a chatbot anymore. It is moving
into the real world. Sports, medicine,
engineering, science, the stuff we are
seeing with Gemini right now is just the
beginning. AI is going everywhere. So,
let me zoom out for a second and tell
you why all seven of these updates
together are such a big deal. Google is
not just updating a chatbot. They are
building an entire AI operating system.
Think about it. You've got Gemini 3.1
Pro for thinking and reasoning. Nano
Banana 2 for images, LIA 3 for music,
Flow for video, Deep Think for science
and research, a certificate program for
education, and real world AI for sports
performance. That is not an update. That
is an ecosystem. Google is basically
saying, "We want AI to touch every part
of your life and your work." And the
crazy thing is all of this is free to
use inside Gemini. You do not need
special access. You do not need to be a
developer. You just go to Gemini and
start using it. Now, here's what I want
you to do. Go try these tools right now.
Open up Gemini. Try Nano Banana 2 and
generate some images. Try LIA 3 and make
some music. Test out Gemini 3.1 Pro with
a hard question and see how it handles
it. play around with flow and make a
video. The only way to really understand
how powerful this stuff is is to use it
yourself. And look, if you want to go
deeper with this, if you want to learn
exactly how to use Google Gemini and
other AI tools to automate your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds of hours, join the AI profit
boardroom. We break down every single
one of these tools with step-by-step
processes so you can actually implement
them. The link is in the description and
in the comments. And if you want the
full process, SOPs, and over 100 AI use
cases like the ones I just showed you,
join the AI success lab, it is our free
AI community, and it is completely free
to join. Links in the comments and
description. You will get all the video
notes from this video, all the prompts I
mentioned, plus access to our community
of 38,000 members who are crushing it
with AI right now. People in there are
sharing what is working for them every
single day. New tools, new workflows,
new strategies. Is honestly one of the
best AI communities out there. Go join
right now. Before you forget, make sure
you smash that like button, subscribe if
you have not already, and drop a comment
below telling Julian which Gemini update
you're most excited about. He reads
every single one. I will see you in the
next